Nowadays we are witnesses of strict discusion about pirate content. There are nost of people believing that “pirates” who copy and share music, books and films on the internet should be punished rather than people who download this content and use it for free. Personally, I tend to agree with these people because “pirates” harass the author of content and the law.

Not many people agree to work without salary. We all need money to live to eat and to go enywhere.Creators of content are usually foy to live on money from sales of their albums, books, films etc. You cannot write a good song if your family hardly survive. That is why due to illegal copies we lose many singers and writers every year. There are only two options for people struggling to live by their product. The first is “retirement”. people giving up and deny to try again. The second one is part time job which would help with spendings but reduce the quantity of content. Both ways are damaging for culture.

The government usually try to controll the situation and protect producer of content. There are different rules and laws in many countries which accuse of theft somebody who share controversial files. In my opinion, we also should have a legislation which will punish users of pirate copies. Without it we will stay in society where people do not respect the affords of creators. Lots of people now support pirates. They are tollerent to breaking the law by them. It is a dangerous precident for countries at all.

On the other hand, there are less people who illegally download content in rich countries. The people of poorer states usually just can not buy films and books because of high prices. Should they read at all? It is a tough question to answer to.

To sum up, we ought to say that there are two opposite group of people which argue about pirate copies. While some people are tend to approve illegal content others assume that it should be not allowed to use by law.

I strongly insist on punishment for users as well as for pirates. If there are no pirates, country gets more fees and have much more creators who trust the government and people. 
