Nowadays, the rapidly spreading access to the Internet causes the problem of the illegal pirate content. There are a lot of sources on the Intentent where everyone can download any film or any music album he or she wants. As the result, people in film and music industries lose a lot of money, suffering from these illegal downloaders. And now the controversial idea of punishing Internet users who download this content is becoming more and more popular. But I think it’s too cruel to think that these action by users is a theft.

Of course, there are some arguments for punishing those people. In fact, this meassure is the only one that can make this kind of persons buy the original disks or pay for some streaming services. Blocking the websites is not so useful because there are a lot of routes how to overcome these blocks, for example vpn-services or some computer programms that change your Ip-adress. Moreover, the punishing measure would territy those users who share the pirate content, because if even the consumering of this files is punished, what the Goverment can do with them? But it seems that those arguments are good only for businessmans from the industry and their lobbists in authorities not for the whole society.

Firstly, the punishment for downloading such a content means that authorities controll the Internet in many ways. It opposites the spirit of freedom, which is, as for me, a very important characteristic of the Internet. Secondly, there is a philosophic question: it there art for artists or for everyone in the world? Of course there may be very different answers. But the entering of that punishment kills this question at all. I think that everyone has the right to decide it by himself, not by a group of politicians. Finally, such kind of actions of authorities may cause a massive disagreement in the society.

Personally I don’t want to see the unhappines of people with it and their possible reaction. This reaction may be dangerous, like not very peacefall demonstrations against this punishment.

So, of course, there is a big problem of illegal content on the Internet but I don’t think we should punish people who download it. The society must find other ways to prevent such cases and I think those ways should be much more friendly to simple Internet users.
