Nowadays yang people are more often to commit crimes than ever before. This particular problem is of high social value, so the most significant causes of the issue as well as the proposal of the solution should be proposed in order to determine the path of govrnment social policy and to give some advice to the parents and teachers.
Let us start with an attempt to understand causes of this tendency. First of all, one should put into consideration the fact that young people are more influenced by the enviroment that they grow in and such things as mass media and Internet have gained a lot of value in teenagers' lifes. Since in the global network cruelty and violance are easily accessed as well as enewled (such things on kiberbullying and black-mailing) and mostly important - merely punished, young people tend tu pass this violence into the real life. Secondly, should they be less controlled they would take this as a sign, that they do nothing wrong or sometimes, strive for an attention from grown people. Both of these cases occur now, leading to the increase of the number of young people involved in crimes.
As for the solution, most of the responsibility lays down of parents and teachers of the teenagers. most of the times it is them who do not give enough attention to their children and students and ignore foretelling hints to the bad side of their younger citizens to appear. In order to deal with such a problem, older people should involve into conversasion with children more often, trying to understand their concerns and interests and if there is such an opportunity influence the latter. Teenagers should understand bad consequences of their deeds not only in real life, but also in the Global network, the social networks are not appropriate in real life. How people try to engage children in other social aspects of life and educate them properly in terms of good and bad.
So sum up, this problem is very important for the prosperity of society and its well-being, so it should be adressed by differen social institutions, such as family and school, by providing an educative approach to the areas that their children are involved in, for inctance, Internet. 
