There is a consideration that countries should not import food they produce. Instead, it is suggested to take care only about own needs and grow exactly as much food, as its population needs. I completely disagree with that point of view, in next paragraphs I will explain my opinion and give reasons.

Firstly, I am totally sure, that a country must use its territories for a maximum usefulness. There are evident pros in taking all that earth can give you. One of them is economical: when a territory ‘works’, it brings a number of vacancies, the more workers you need – the less is unemployment, which is undoubtedly good for economical purposes. What is more, those farmers who don’t produce 100% of what they could, spend waste lands which could be used for infrastructure, buildings, cultural means, etc.

Secondly, we should not forget about natural disasters and other unpredictable circumstances. If the government limits the amount of produced food, as flooding or just bad weather is likely to spoil a significant percent of harvest, leaving population suffering from deficite.

Third reason against mentioned policy seems to be psychological. We should help our neighbours as much as we can and one day they’ll help us in their turn. In critical situations it is possible to send aids and food for those countries who suffer more for free. In my opinion we all are humans and we must not forget about other humans: if we do, we will not be better than animals.

Some people say, that producing extras seems to lead to additional spends, which can be harmful for economics. There is a point, but but if a government suggests good balanced policy, incomes from import will overweight extra costs.

In conclusion, I would like to mention, that my opinion is not professional, nevertheless, there are no reasons for reducing import as much as possible. With a proper budget planning and well-made policy our country will gain much profit from producing extra food. That is why import is preferable for me.
