It is noticeable that nowadays young people commit more and more crimes. As far as I am concenred, there are two main causes of such a phenomenon. They are lack of attention towards young people and the increase in the amount of cruelty around them.
First, there are many parents working a lot, so that they cannot pay a lot of attention to their children. In this case kids do not get enough moral education, and a lack of that can result into a child becoming cruel, as he or she does not know what good and bad is.
Also, such kids can feel underloved by their parents, which can contribute to their future violence. In addition, there is an unbelievable amount of external cruelty around kids these days. They watch movies and play computer games that consist mostly of scenes of shooting, and other types of harrasment. Spending their leisure time this way causes problems with moral standards and extreme violence. All the aformentioned factors result into yound people growing up very violent, which is one of the key factors of the increase in the number of crimes committed by young people.
As this issue is extremely important for the society, parents and teachers definitely should do something to decrease the level of kids' cruelty to prevent them from becoming criminals. The most important thing they can do is to pay more attention towards children's development and their moral education. Kids should be taught about good and bad from the very young age, and they should feel that they are cared about. In this way, they will be much less likely to experience willingness to commit a crime. In order to reach such a goal, parents and teachers should control the media products that children consume to avoid the situation, in which they watch horrors only. They should suggest that children read more books and watch more movies that will establish right moral values an teach them how to behave.
To sum up, more crimes commited by young people are caused by the huge amount of violence affecting them, which comes from both media products they tend to consume and from the lack of their parents' attention. As a solution to this issue I suggest that parents and teachers should pay more attention towards kids and try to establish moral values and teach them about good and bad from the very young age.
