Crime committed by the youth is an actual problem of the modern world. The facts discover that the number of these crimes is higher nowadays than ever before. I would like to look at the reasons of this terrifying trend and search some adequate solutions for this problem.
It is clear that alcohol and drugs are the reasons of many crimes. From my point of view, advertising and many ways of distribution of both are one of the most important reasons of the crime growth. Many teens and young people addicted to alcohol and drugs become criminals. There is factual evidence that the highest percentage of imprisoners are drug dealers and drug holders. The second reason is a bad financial state of many families and young men. Such negative financial environment destructively influences development of children and teenagers. They become criminals because it is the only way for them to survive and get some money. The third reason is a luck of education. Young men with weak education can not find a well-paid job and meet different life difficulties that can incline them to a criminal path.
As far as I am concerned, each of the reasons is important and should be solved carefully. The best way to deal with alcohol-and-drugs problem is to control students from schools and universities and advertise a good and healthy lifestyle. There should be some control tests among student and undergraduates to indicate drug addiction. Some lessons and sport events should be organized to make active life and sport common among youngsters. The second problem of poverty can be handled through regular revision of families in terms of their financial stability. Children from poor families should be given some financial support. Government should organize different institutions to help young graduates to find a well-paid job. The final reason, lack of education, can be solved through the wide range of different scholarships that will allow young men to go to university. All schools and higher schools should be able to provide some standards of the quality of education so that their student an compete with others.
To sum up, the problem of crime is actual among young people nowadays. This problem can be explained through 3 main reasons: alcohol and drugs, poverty lack of education. Although the problem is difficult, it can be solved through adequate means of the governors and local authorities: a health lifestyle promotion and support of educational programs. We shouldn't close our eyes and should do our best to help young people to choose the right way.
