crime rates among young people increased and now they are higher than ever before. Causes of it may vary from economical structure to family issues, but solving this problem require well-thinked measures from government, help and appreciation of parents, wit advices from teachers - in other words, from all sides of our society.
First of all, people are not born criminals - they become gangsters and thieves for some reason. One reason may hide in economics: younger generations face complicated economical issues, such as lack of working places, low salaries, high tuition and overall decrease of temps of economical growth. Without help of parents or government it's really hard to find a work that can make you living. High tuition restricts poor people from education and lower their chances of good salary in young age. Let's not forget that number of working places for unskilled employees is falling because of robotisation. In such unfriendly economical situation some people start to hijack cars or sell drugs just to survive. Almost all governments are creating policies to help these people and save them from criminal world, and this actions result in lower crime rates. However, free education and healthcare is not enough.
Relations with parents are complicated among teenagers, and this can create problems in the future. Parents should not only take care of their children's material supply, but also of their psychological comfort. To speak to a teenager often means much more than spend more time at work to earn more money for family. Modern teenagers don't have large problems with socialization - social networks and videogames made it easy, but they need an influence from elder, more experienced people, not only peers. Parents should take care of souls of their children, not only school. It's also important for grown-up children, even adults need support some times.
Schools are important too. They can't replace parents and loving family, but they can help young people to accept the values of a honest man. Teachers shall care more about personalities of students, not their marks. Higher wages for teachers can attract high-quality professionals in schools, with psychological approach to teaching. It will be a hard work to find individual approach to everyone, but good teacher will do it and give an advice in hard moments.
What is also important is the fact that criminals often commit crimes even after they were caught once. To avoid recidives parents shouldn't distance from children if they made a mistake for example, drug addicts give up their addiction much easier if supported by family.
All in all, crimes commited by young people are serious problem, but it can be tackled. Policies of helping younger generation to find their place in life are important, but we need much more. Parents should take care of their children's psychological condition, be open for discussion and ready to help. Teachers should care about their pupils too, because in case of family problems of secrets from parents students will need their support. With participance of all members of society we can build a bright, safe and crimeless future.
