How many times do you hear that young people were convicted? I think that it happens too often. It is breeding ground for the concern about it because young generation is our future. And if our future world will be full of jerks and criminals, what should we do to protect us and our children?
Firstly, we should understand the reasons of this problem. As far as I know, children without school education tend to commit crimes. Because they have a lot of free time without doing anything, they have no social skills which are provided by school and they are used to reach their goals by violence and crime. Another important reason of it is that parents didn’t pay enough attention to their children. For example, they are spending all time at work. So, children become too independent from parents and they can easily find a bad behaviour role mode. I mean that they can watch TV and think that villians or killers are good and cool persons. But it is not the most tragic reason of it. When your parents are cruel and violent persons with alhogol or drug addiction, it is really difficult to become a good man because your are living in the world full of dark and murky people. That is why young people comitt crimes. They have never seen the normal life or another way to realise yourself.
There are only few reasons of this problem below. But I think that it is enough to launch discussion about it. So, what should parents and teachers do to find the solution of this problem? Firstly, parents should pay more attention to their children. Of course, someone says that it is easily only when you talking about it. Yes, it is obvious but parents are the most important people for their children. So, you should stop drinking a lot, spend holidays with your son or dauther and try to be a good example for him. Schools make equal level of infuance on our children. So, teachers should make more affords to do education process more interesting and useful for young people. They should convince students that education is the greatest way in their life to realise yourself without evil. Because education is not only about math or physics, it is also about our life, tolerance and kindness.
In conclusion, I think that this problem is wide spread in our world. And we have no rights to neglect it anymore. Because it means that we are not thinking about our future. But it is not true. So, love your childrents and study harder!
