It is believed that nowadays most crimes are committed by young people than in my epoche before. Some people also argue that some social institution like school and family have to cope with this drastic increase.
I strongly agree with the first point while having several additions to the second in order to make a solution more complex and prevention more effective.
At first, among noteably wide groups of youths lawful actions and civilized behaviour considered sign of weakness. This has come from masculine traditions of the past and better survived in either closed racial communities, for example, people of color in USA, or in bad economic environment, for instance, in small towns of Central Rusia. It causes hatred and ganging (like in notorious LA gangs "Bloods" and "Crips") and class misunderstanding (rage against the well-off). At second, international distribution of wealth may provide newcomers with anxienty and willing to bury with the whole society in order to eliminate and get closer to benefits. We see that many young people consider their environment ghetto with ways away only in outlawed activities. Lifestyle of drugdealers known from massculture rends to be get serious and flawless causing massive addiction to rap industry with it's countinious deviso "money, women and weed". It makes drug making, and distribution with sexual harrasment the most widely spread problems of a generation.
From my point of view, the only way from this toxic features of modern society is to change seriously roadmap of budget expendtures for upcoming years. We have to change the roots of culture by either melting everybody at the same pot or provide with enough room for tradition self-identifying to mostly in religious way. However, cobblestone of tradition has been removed almost everywhere and we grew apart of.
I suppose, support of programs claryfying the positive outcome of education and self-development have to be put widely. We see one of the closest relation in economics, friendship between unemployment and crime rate. Youth themselves ful support of doing nothing and using public and family funds to pay checks. And see no way to get a job because of international competition with cheaper rivals from Asia. So we have to make them thinking that stereotype of getting out of poor by outlaw behaviour is unfair, that the only place under the sun reserved for hardworking specialists.
To make a long story short, the problem of young people getting trapped by outlaw behaviour is provided by tough solution of changing the way they understand opportunities.
