In our days we hear every now and then that the crime rate among the young is higher than it has ever been. It is interesting and, of course, important to understund what has lead the young generation to the situation they are in now. What are the main causes of the increased number of crimes? And what are we to do to decrease the number of crimes committed by the young?
In my opinion, there is a number of reasons for new generation to be more into illegal behaviour. First of all, they are much more childish and infantile, than previous generations. From my experience I can say that a lot of people of my age are irresponsible and still can't live on their own. Surprisingly, their parents do nothing in order to change it and don't try to help their children to become truly adult. Therefore, since the young don't feel themselves responsible for their doings they commit more crimes and don’t think about the future. It is also important to say that modern culture literally propogate violence and crimes. Such propaganda works better on the young people and makes them think of criminal actions as of something worth doing.
Now we need to enderstand what to do to diminish the crime among the younger generation. I think that the main way to do this is to teach youngsters to be more responsible. Parents and teachers need to educate them on what is the punishment for the illegal behaviour and make them understand that their life is only in their hands and in nobody's else. As for Russia, I think that young people in my country should start working more early and move out from parents as soon as possible. It worked well for me and I am sure it will work well for others. 
However, I also think that the main problem is not the lack of responsible or violence on TV and Internet, it may be just different view on the world. Every generation is unique and it may be that the laws of the old generation just don't suit the philosophy of the new one.
To conclude, I want to say that increased crime rute among youngsters is, indeed, a serious problem. They are our future and if we don’t want to live in chaos and anarchy we have to understand how to make the young to obey the law and be useful members of society.
