One of the most disscussing issues of sport nowadays is a great spread of illegal drugs use among sportmen. One part of society believe that athletes, who were noticed using illegal drugs would be better banned from sport sphere for limited time. Another part consider such sportmen should be excepted from sport competitions for the whole life. In this essay I will discuss both points of view and give my own one.
For some people it is important to punish sportmen, who use illegal drugs by banning from competing professionally only for a limited period, because the list of illegal drugs is rather wide and include some medicine, which are legal in some countries. For example, the public conflict with Maria Sharapova, who used drugs, which are sold in any drugstore of Russia, to get rid of her flue and backache. Sportmen don't want to feel suffered and have no possibility to do their job, that's why they take such illegal medicine. That's why some people believe that the punishment for this illegal act shouldn't be very strict, because sportmen had valuable reasons.
On the other hand, it is thought that sportmen that used illegal drugs should be excepted from competitions for the rest of their life, because they didn't follow main rules of sport comitee and sport ethic. First, some people consider that if sportsman uses illegal drugs, it means that he doesn't know the rules of his job and that's why he is unprofessonal. Secondly, many people believe that the use of illegal medicines by sportmen is a consequence of their great wish to be the first on competition, even if they don't have a lot of force and professional qualities. This fact is percepted by many people as a lie, not only to other people, but to yourself. Due to this thoughts a part of society think that sportmen, who use illegal drugs can't take part in competitions anymore.
In my opinion, it is necessary to ban from competing professionally for the rest of the life such sportmen who stepped the antidrug law, because these competitors catch possibility of other honest athletes to take part in sportgames in illegal way. However, I consider that investigation of these cases should be done in more careful way, as it wasn't happened with Russan athlet team for summer Olympic games 2016.
All things considered, both points of view on banning illegal drug. Sportmen users can exist, but it's really important to regulate the antidoping system at first.
