The topic of illegal drugs, used by athletes, is quite urgent nowadays. Some people believe that such sports-men should be excluded from professional competition for a limited period of time. Other suppose that athletes caught using illegal drugs should be banned from professional competitions for the rest of their lives.
As for me, I agree with the first opinion, which stands for limited banning of athletes. First of all, the rules are constantly changing and the drugs that were legal yesterday can become illegal tomorrow. Unfortunately, not all the athletes may know immediately about new regulations and, as a result, they won't stop using the newly forbidden drug. 
Secondly, I believe that we must give athletes second chance, because they spent so much time of their lives and so much effort, training and practicing, that one mistake should not be the end of their career.
However, some people claim that athletes accused in taking illegal drugs must be banned from competing professionally for the rest of their lives. Such people believe that cheating with the help of forbidden drugs is not worthy of real athlete, who respects rules of sports competition and has dignity of their own. Although, they suppose that such severe punishment would prevent other sportmen from using illegal drugs. 
Nevertheless, I think that banning the athlete from competitions for the rest of their lives is too severe punishment. The eternal banning won't stop other athletes from cheating, they will just start to use more sophisticated methods of cheating, using new drugs. Moreover, such punishment will close the door to sport for all falsely accused sportsmen. And if athlete is really used illegal drug, knowing about it, he or she won't be able to learn from their mistakes and become a good example of correcting their behavior.
Ultimately, the topic of punishment for athletes using illegal drugs is very debatable. I believe that we should not ban sportsmen for the rest of their lives, because it is too strict punishment. I suppose that we should give everyone a second chance.
