The problem of the use of illegal drugs in sport elicit a lot of controversy. Some people believe that athletes who used illegal drugs should be banned for a limited period. Others think that such sportsmen should be banned from competing professionaly for the rest of their lives. Arguments on both sides of this issue need to be examined carefully. I firmly belive that athletes caught using illegal drugs should be banned for the rest of their lives. I think that this view is correct and will disuss the reasons why in this essay. Arguments surrounding the issue of illegal drugs in sports will be discussed too.
The first point to consider is that sportsmen should be banned from competing professionally for a limited period (eg. 2 years). I don't believe that this measure can solve the problem of illegal drugs in sports. Although athlets who use illegal drugs would be banned for limited period, they could continue their professional career. After banned years such athlets could take part in competitions and use illegal drugs again. Others sportsmen who did not use illegal drugs before could use drugs as their negative examples.
The idea that athletes caught using illegal drugs should be banned from competing professionaly for the rest of their lives, in my point of view, is brilliant. First of all, this measure can prevent the use of illegal drugs in sport, because all athlets want take part in competitions. It is interesting to note that, according to many psychologists, this idea is workable solution. Evidence for this is found in many scientific articles. Secondly, athlets who did not use illegal drugs before would not use drugs in sport as their collegues.
To conclude, nowadays many people are concerned about the problem of the use of illegal drugs in sport. Some people believe that athletes caught using illegal drugs should be banned from competing professionally for a limited period, others think that - for the rest of their lives. I firmly belive that such sportsman should be excluded from competing professionaly for the rest of their lives because this measure can prevent the use of illegal drugs in sport: young athlets would not have bad examples and the sportsmen who used illegal drugs could not take part in the professional competitions at all.
