Nowadays the issue of illegal drug usage in professional sport elicts a lot of controversy. Some people claim that those athlets who do it, have to be forbidded to take part in the competitions for some time, while others believe that such people should be banned forever. In the following essay I will examine both points of view and express my personal opinion.
It is certainly the case that in present times the development of chemistry and pharmacy has made various kinds of drugs availible in the market. Most of them are, of course, illegal for the use of sportsmen. However, very often some drug is put into the category of forbidden only after some precedent has occured. It means that an athlete could take it without knowing he isn't supposed to, but still he can be punished for doing it. Some people might argue that, saying that a person has to be perfectly aware of the list of banned components in drugs, nevertheless, I am convinced that new rules appear every day and they are quite hard to be predicted. That is why I find that limiting sportsmen for their whole lives is unfair.
What is more, I find such kind of punishment to be too harsh. All people make mistakes in their lives and everybody deserves forgiveness and a second chance. Thus, very often a person who is left without an opportunity to return to his career in some period of time falls into depression and finds it hard to recover. I strongly believe that a 1-5 year period is enough for an athlete to realize what he has done and not do this ever again. My opponents may object, claiming that illegal drugs usage in professional sport is a very serious crime and people who are convinced of it must take their punishment, however I find that it is a simple cheating which certainly can be forgiven.
Nevertheless, it must be true to say that everything depends on a particular situation. For instance, if an athlete has already been accused of taking illegal drugs before or if he takes part in some extremelly famous world competition and breaks this ground rules, the punishment might be heavier. Although I can agree that due to these or other circumstances a person can be resticted from competing, I still don't think that he or her should be banned forever. 
To conclude, it is evident that this issue appears to be highly controversial. A lot of people see illegal drugs usage in sport as a crime of a major importance. Others, on the contrary, find it not so serious. In my personal opinion, some measures of punishment must exist, however, they shouldn't be so significant.
