Sport plays a very important role in modern society. It is a very popular and useful method of keeping fit and healthy. Sport can be a source of entertainment. Many people take up different sports as a hobby. But for some people sport can be a way of making money. Those people can earn money by setting up a sport business, betting, working as a coach, etc. But some people take part in sport competitions to win money and popularity. Frequently, such sportsmen take dopping and other illegal drugs to bit their opponents. How that should be punished?
Some people believe that dopping is not a seriou crime. After some time the effects of drugs will disappear and the sportsmen can return to the competitions "clean". That is why, people who used drugs should not be allowed to participate in competitions for different time periods according to the characteristics of the medicine they used. That seems fair enough but not everyone would agree with it.
On the other hand, some think that such sportsmen should be ban ned for professional competiting for the rest of their lives. First of all, some medicines will affect sportsmen for ever, their effect will not disappear. Then, using drugs is terribly unfair to other competitors. But banning sportsmen for the rest of their lives could be an extremely strict sollution.
As for me, using drugs in professional sport is inevitible. I have been practising capoeira for 10 year. I have met many professional sportsmen from all over the world. All of them used legal strong drugs just to gain the minimun necessary conditions just to be at "professional" categorie. Those who wanted to be champions used illegal ones. Moreover, some drugs today can cause genes and DNA changes in future children, which is not a dopping or a flood. Should those children be allowed to compete? In my opinion, modern sportsystem should be totally changed and coordenated with the modern pharmacy
In conclusion, using drugs by professional sportsmen is an important social problem. People argue about its sollution.
