Nowadays, some people consider that sportsmen who used drugs for achieving better results in sports shoud be prohibited to take part in events during 2 years. Others belive, such kind of atheletes should not be allowed to do professional sport for the rest of their lives. In my opinion, these athelets ought to be out of competitions during a limited period of time and after reabilitation can participate Olimpiads. Thus, the views, surrounding this issue, will be discussed.
According some specialists, atheletes who caught on doping should not compete durint 2 years which is not so strict desicion for them because this not such prolong period of time will assist them to improve their physical and emotional state. If they get rid of drugs, contenting in their blood, the atheletes can carry on their professional activities without the harm to their health and phsycho. Besides, 2 years period is a kind justified punishment which make athelets to correct such mistake as using drugs.
However, some representatives of our generation suppose, addicted sportsmen will continue using drugs, that is why they should be prevented from taking part into various competitions. Despite the fact that, many atheletes get special treatement in different sports organizations and recover from this addicton, there is a possibility, that they will face the same problem in the future and could not overcome this obstacle because their organisms are really used to consumption of chemical substances. Thus, to prevent them from negative consequances of their career, they do not have to compete at all.
Personally, I partly agree with first opinion. Athletes, addicted to drugs must pass through recovery course during some period of time to become more heath and emotionally stable. The one thing which I disagree is the 2 year period because every athlete feels different and should be prohibited to compete depending on his state.
To summarise, some people prefer to ban athlete's activities because of doping during 2 years. In contrast to them, others feel strongly such sportsmen must not participate at all. To my mind, only the specialist should determine the the period athlete ought not join in sports events, paying careful attentions on his or her health criteria.
