There is no doubt that sport is still playing a vital role in people's lives and the aspect of drugs used by sportsmen had not vanished. Some people support the idea of life-lasting disqualification for 'sport criminals'. Others do not share this point of view.
So, people who vote for banning sport professionals for the whole life believe that they have solid reasons for that. A person, who neglected the rules once, can do it again and again. Nobody will rely on him or her in the future. What is more, there will always be different rumors around this athlet Such a difficult and stressful situation may cause  depression and low self-estime. As a consiquence, a sportsman may never ever show brilliant results in his or her career.
Anyway, there is another opinion. The majority thinks that an athlete has an ability to make a mistake because he or her is just a human being. It is obvious that every man can once be let down. The society is sure that it is too strict to ban a sportsman and actually ruin his or her life because of some temporary troubles. The wise decision is to ban an athlet for a limited period of time. It will allow him or her a chance to rethink the illigal act he or her did in the past and then start from the blank shit of paper.
Personally I consider that the sportsmen should be given the second chance because the reasons of using drugs may be different. For example, Russian athletes used a medicine in 2015 that was legal in all countries and accepted by the World Commitee. But in 2016 this medicine was named as a restricted one, so, everyone stopped using it. Anyway, the organisms of Russian sportsmen saved the materials of the medicine and because of that the whole team had to stay in Russia and did not participate in the Winter Olympiade. What is more, the professionals were not guilty and they saved their careers, although were banned for 2 years.
To sum up, I would like to say that opinions on this theme can differ a lot but people should be more patient to each other and find compromises, because of that the judgement is always needed in each sport case.
