In modern society with fast-developing medicine and technology, it is not a surprise, that athletes are finding new ways to cheat the system during competitions by using illegal drugs. Some may say that sport organisations should permanantly ban such athletes without any chance for professional recovery. There is a different point of view: athletes can preceve in the career, but with a short period of detention. This topic is highly arguable in the situation caused by some allegitable drug scandals in recent years.
From one perspective, there should only be a temperary ban from competing. It is somehow a fair decition albait being, some may say, very soft. The allys of that point of view suggest that in situation where an great athlete once cheating or cheating for a first time get susspention for the rest of their lives is terribly wrong. It can ruin not only his professional life, but also cause some difficult mental-health problems. Another point is the problem of false acusations and verdicts based of corruption and caused by the will to professionally "kill" strong opponents of your athlete.
On the other hand, as they say, if you cheat once, you will cheat again. Some sports team managers concentrate their main resourses not on the training but on the finding a new ways to cheat for the whole team. Such strict and permanent consicuences may be the solution to the problem of "team-cheating". Futhemore, there is an ethical side to this story: it can be seen as unfair toward other athletes, who have never cheated in their entire lives. Given the option not only to maintain your professional status and not taking away all the awards from the cheater may cause a chock or at least a doubt in hearts of other athletes.
Both points of view have the strengths and weaknessess. The main disadvantage of first one is the lack of fairness towards not guilty athletes. Second one does not provide a clear explanation for the problem of cases, where athlete was caught only once and it was, for instance, a decade ago.
Overall, there is no sutesfing out come for these two groups. In my opinion, it is not fair to ban people for life for cheating, but it is neccecary to maintain a strong limitation policy for caught individuals. Hence this question remains without an answer, but there are new ways for answering it.
