In these latter days more and more crimes are being committed by younger population than ever in history. This shift coudn’t have been unnoticed and it has to be considered a serious problem before it might be too late, because young people are the reflection of the future.
What can cause such a change in young unstable minds. The part of the answer is already in the question. Teens, good representatives of young population, are very vulnerble to information they get in there everyday life. Nowadays there are so many channels of information, that it's often hard to understand "what is right and what is wrong". Internet, television and other means of information have been influencing young people's minds dramatically recently. And these social media sometimes are advocating individual freedom and power, sometimes they romantisize criminal lifestyle and inobedience to the authorities. Such informational messages, especially presented to teens in a right, effective way can influence their minds significantly. By the way, a noticeable worldwide shift to liberal values and defence of human rights make the social atmosphere less stable. Children grow without sovereign authorities: if their parents would behave "badly", they would be protected by the government. If the government "wasn't right", they always can turn to European court. This lack of authority results in wrong understanding of freedom, which could be dangerous for society. Moreover, more and more often teens have troubles inside their family. The great unprecedented difference among younger and older population s a well-known fact. And when children have problems in their family, they grow up rude and aggressive, which can result in more crimes.
The first and foremost possible solution for parents is to devote more time to their kids. Nothing but the atmosphere warmth and understanding can help to improve the situation. As not all parents are ready for such "devotions", teachers should treat children warmly as well. Love and respect can only appear in the atmosphere of love and respect.
