Nowadays there are many debates about using of illegal drugs in sport competitions. The majority of people agree that athlets, who use illegal drugs, should be banned from competing. The aruing goes around the period of bannng: some claims that it should be limited while the others insist on banning for the rest of their lives. In this essay both points of view would be examined carefully.
On the one hand, athlets should not be punished very hard for their mistakes. There is no denying the fact that drug using is a criminal, however all people deserve the second chanse. For many sportsmen doing their sports and taking part in professional competitions is thee only way to make money for their life. In this occasion, being banned forever could cause what is called "knock-on effeckt" with depression, alcogolism, drug abuse and even another criminal ways of living. In this situation, temporal punishment seems like better way. What is more, athlets are not always responsible for using illegal drugs. Sometimes their couches could give it to them in secret or their enemies.
On the other hand, as the english saying goes: once a liar - forever a liar. People who cheat once could do it again, despite the period of banning. Moreover, professional sport competing is an extremely moral area whith a high standarts of honesty and strick approach to punishment. Taking this argument into account, many professional athlets could refuse to compet with someone, who were caught using illegal drugs.
Personally I think that all this arguments are fair. As for me, the best solutions could be found by two-steps approach. When athlet is caught using illegal drugs for the first time, he banned from competing only for short-lasting period, for example, two years. Then, if he caught for the same thing the second time, he would be banned for the rest of his lives.
To conclude, the use of illegal drugs in sport is relevant issue nowadays. To grapple with this problem all points of views should be taken into account. I think it is unfair to banned person forever for his first catching using illegal drugs, because this could ruin his life. However, if he do this crime again, banning from competing professionally for the rest of his life would be the most fair solution.
