Using doping in proffessional sport is a burning issue nowadays. Whilst some people argue that being caugh with using doping means exclusion from the sport field forever, other more loyal group reckon that 2 years of ban would be enough. Both views will be discussed in this essay.
Firstly, it must be tacken into account that we are talking about unfair crime. For everyone in sport industry their results are a kind of sence of their lives. So why should someone do their best, working really hard suffer of unfairness? Whilst those, who are using doping, are more working in chemistry field, than in sport. Though this perspective it is more satisfective to ban sportsmen, using illegal drugs, till the end if their lives.
Nevertheless, who is sinsless? Everyone is making mistakes throug a long life period. It doesn't mean that after one mistake a man must be excluded from a society. Moreover, when we are talking about sport, we should not put a ban forever, because it is about human nature to use all the methods to achieve the goal. From this perspective, we can agree that banning for 2 years is enough for a sportsman to analyse mistakes and become more successful in fair sports.
From my own perspective, professional sport is about being superhuman. All the results, shown on Olympic games, seems fantastic. That is why, it is incredibly unfair and cruel to use any doping, while someone is killing himself on trainings. Ban is a good way but not perfect. It seems to me that, firstly, we shouldn not prevent people from sport forever after one mistake, but using doping twise must lead to forever ban.
Secondly, I suppose it would be fair to discharge some points from a country, whose sportsman is using doping. In this way, it would become more fair and other sportsmen won't rist in using illegal drugs.
To sum up, I would like to say that although ban is a good way of punishment, it must not be a forever one after one mistake. Moreover impose punishment like discharging points on all country would work more efficiently. Everyone in a country commant should be responsible for this crime.
