Nowadays, the sport activity is a widespread ubiqouty throughout the whole world. Therefore, as any significant phenomenon in our contemporary community, the sport issue of the day has an overwhelming number of advantages and downsides. In fact, the vast majority of people assume, that illegitimate using drugs in the sport sphere should be panished by banning sportmen for a several period of time, despite others being strongly believe, that athlets should be banned for the rest of their life for their serious commitment and crime. Both of view should not be underestimated and must be examined very carefully.
The first point to be considered is a restricted period of competing activity of athletes, whom used the forbidden drugs. It is the obvious answer, that sportmen must be panished, neverthe less, the tough cross on their carrier can not be done. Today, it is trully normal phenomenon of drugs' destribution in our society, but the nationalwide authority and local citizens must take a chance to retrieve sportmen's character. Otherwise, a considerable amount of athletes, should not be participated on the international competitions and introduced the glory of their own countries. Undoubtedly, it would an agonyzing and significant impact for same and public community.
On the other hand, banning the professional carrier for any sportmen is a plausible decision to restrict the illegal activity in the healthcare sphere. "To get rid" every athlet for commitment the rule is a prosprective way to handle this clumsy challenge. However, it is trully be to say, that this essential decision should be accsepted by an international counsil, where every state can represent its opinion about resolving the deep issue.
To conclude, the contemporary society has receantly devided on two opposite sides: prohibit the profiesional carrier for a limited period or ban every athlet, who using drugs for the rest of their lives. In my opinions, there is no a certainly way to tackle this deep issue, becoming any worse, nowadays, athough the goverment should make an afford to resolve it in the nearest future.
