Nowadays in the sport sphere illegal drugs are becoming widely used. This issue elicits a lot of controvercy because some people argue for exclusion of caught athletes for a limited period whereas other people are certain that these sportsmen should be excluded for the rest of their life. In this essay both views will be discussed and I am going to express my own opinion.
Regarding to the first point of view it can be said that, firstly, using of illegal drugs can be connected with the sufering with some health problems. Drugs can be increase the health level, so the athlet can tackle with the disease quicklier than without these medecins. Despite this moment being complicated for making correct decision, I suppose that such sportsman can be excluded only for a limited period so he or she can restore their physical fit. However, the situations when the usage of illegal drugs was connected with the cheating, should not be forgotten or underestimated as in this case it is irrespectable to other athletes who train and do not break the rules of the competitions.
Nevertheless, there is another point of view. Some people argue that athletes who use the drugs, illegally and break the laws must be excluded from the professional sport forever. Although these actions can be claimed to be dishonest, it is still very complicated to make a correct decision because it is very important to understand the causes of reasons why this athlete made a decision to use the illegal drugs. If it was the use without knowing that these medecins are banned, the punishment should not be similar to those decisions made by the sportsman with fully comprehension of the situation. 
Last point that I would like to mention is my own opinion. I think that both points of view expressed in this essay can exist because the border between these two decisions is too subtle. What is more, nowadays sport is closely connected with the politics, with the prestige and the name of the country. Sportsmen try to do everything to become a champion because it is the aim from the government. However, the exclusion forever from the sport can be unfare as sport is the life of the sportsmen.
To conclude, I would like to say that both opinions can be correct but it is very important to understand the reasons and the purposes of the illegal drugs' use. Moreover, sport should be devided from the politics. In my opinion in this case it will become much better and much more clean in all aspects.
