Recently we have seen an increase in the number of crimes committed by young people. This has become a major concern as many believe that youngsters are the basis of our society and, therefore, their moral corruption, which crime is largely associated is a problem that needs to be solved.
Before trying to look for solution, it is very important to distinguish the causes for such a change. I believe that there are to sides to the problem and both are somehow connected to emergence and development of new technologies. On the one hand, thanks to the Internet it has become even easier to be involved in illegal activities, like drug trade or information stealing. This contributes directly to the increase of crime rates - young people, who are good at dealing with all these new Information technologies, are given a new instruments for commiting crime - when they have started to use actively. On the other hand, due to new technologies work market has become more competitive, a lot of simple tasks are now done by computers, so those low-qualified youngsters find it harder to get a job now. This causes them to search for alternative ways of making money and, thus, turning to black market. Moreover, job search is accompanied by higher stress levels, so youngsters become more impulsive and aggresive - when makes them more likely to commit a crime like punching someone or even killing someone. 
Surely, if the causes are identified, some ways of improving the situation can be found. First of all, as life has become harder for young people, support and love get very important to help them maintain their emotional calmness. Therefore, parents should pay more attention to their kids and explain to them that, though, life is more stressful now, they still have someone to rely on. Then, of course, since childhood young people should be shown that crimes commited wit the use of the Internet are not anonymous as it may seem first and, therefore, lead to legal concequences and should be seen by children as crimes just as real and terrible as murder. Then, some changes to the job market should be introduced - the free courses for those young people who want to find work. But this is the task of the government, rather than of parents and teachers.
To sum up, I would like to say that the problem of the increasing numbers of youngsters being involved in crimes is very important and should be dealed with actively. Parents and teachers with love, support and education can make a tremendous step on the way to the solution of the problem and if participated by the government - can be really effective in decreasing crime rates among youngsters.
