People in the modern world often prefer to watch western films, especially British and American rather than to watch films produced by some local companies. Do we have to support our local film industries and deny foreign film production? In my opinion, we do not have to do all this.
It is not a secret that western companies spend more money on film producing to invite Hollywood stars such as Bred Pitt and so on. The quality of their actor skills almost always is much higher than those ones of local actors and actresses. This point is the most important one for any film which was made to fascinate people all over the world, so we should not even compare the quality of such films. Furthermore, a great film industry pays a huge attention to cameras and other technical devices which are used during film production, whereas local companies cannot afford it. Governments and societies do not give any financial support to local industries, so we can not reach this gap now, but we should try. So, the most important argument for watching western films is a high quality of films, which is no more than the result of a great funancial support.
Another point that is worth noticing is the process of globalisation at the 21th century. As everybody knows, western companies always demonstrate products of a high quality, user-friendly, which are easy to understand for groups of people. So, the globalisation encourages us to use all achievements of humanity, and films are not an exception in this case. People want to watch and use things of a great quality, they try some strange products just as a challenge and never want to return to this again. This phrase is suitable to describe a situation in film industry as a whole. Having opportunities to watch high approciated films even for free, people will not just try to watch something worse from local companies. Furthermore, local companies try to be similar to western companies and add similar plots to films, this strategy does not work in this way. They had better use some local historical and cultural plots for films and work for local auditory without ambitions to reach stars without special technical devices and professional actors. If they begin from some local stories and something which is much closer to a real life of a local man, it will be much easier but more interesting for local people. In my point of view, we should use something which was never showed by somebody else and this way can help us become leaders in this small part of a huge cinema industry without comparing to western films with history which is so different from our one.
To sum up, I want to say that a financial support is necessary for the development of local film industries, but they should change the direction of the development of shooting. In this case, people can prefer local films rather than British or American ones.