It has been widely discussed in recent years whether is it relevant to reduce the number of air flights or not. This essay agrees that even the big anount of air travel should not be prohibited. However, both views will be considered.

To begin with, one convincing argument in favor of air travel is that this type of transport does not play a key role in evnironmental pollution. For example, the damage which is produced by the cars is even worse than the planes' influence. In addition, it is obvios that the number of business travels would not be reduced because of world globalisation. People need to go to other states to have an opportunity to make international work together. This confirms that air travel is better to be more popular than other transport, in case it is less harmful for nature and our planet.

On the contrary, there is another side to the issue. Global warming and air pollution (as well as water pollution) are international problems, which shoud be solved by all counties. And since air travel is one of the reasons of our planet's damage, some people claim that the most part of it should be canceled. This idea seems doubtful because it implies that communication between countries (and, later, international relations) would be more complicated.

To my mind, people need to find the way of how the air planes can be improved. Probably it is possible to reduce the damage, which is produced by flights. Nevertheless, air travel is not the only reason of air pollution or global warming. There are heavy industries and a lot of factories in almost every country of the world, which pollute nature and cause global warming too. So, in my opinion, there are many other problems to be solved.

To sum everything up, there are several measures which can be taken to protect nature. One of them is to make air flights even more popular, because they hurt our planet less than cars do. But I strongly believe that the amount of air travel should not be reduced, because this action will only make the international communication more complex, while environmental problems would not be solved.