In the last years newspapers and crime chronicles reveal more and more tragic details of crimes commited by teenagers and young adults. Society of the whole country started to think about the reasons of rising level of crime among youth. We can name several causes of such development.
Firstly, young adults can be mistreated in their families and deprived of proper health care, sometimes suffering from abuse and neglection. Secondly, modern school education concentrates the most of its effort on learning scientific subjects, but there's no lessons of proper behaviour and ethical attitude to the world. Thirdly, no serious measures are taken against young criminals as they are often viewed as children with no responsibility.
The first thing that can be done to improve the situation is educating the parents about basic needs of their children, such as food, health care, clothes, appreciation at the school class. Awareness can be spread with open and free educational seminars for parents of teenagers and children. The main advantage of such approach is an ability to discuss the topic of child and teenage care with a specialist. Unfortunately, parents who wouldn't attent such meetings can still spread abusive pattens.
In order to solve the second problem we should change the list of the school subjects, adding lessons of ethical and tolerant behaviour in the society. A council of teachers and specialists in the field of school education should deside on the most comfortable and easy way to organise the classes. The positive effect of the classes is improvement of critical thinking skills among young adults, including potential criminals. Unfortunately, the lack of universal behaviour rules and cultural difference can cause arguments and conflicts between teachers and parents
The third key to the problem of youth criminals is adding more severe punishments for the young intruders. Such measures of punishment as life inprisonment and death penalty should be included to the list of measures taken against young people who commited severe murders and caused significant harm. As a result, young people will be afraid of the punishment, having real-life examples in front of their eyes. The main disadvantage of such approach is the negative reaction on fear and vieving such measures as a therror.
In general, young criminals rob houses and commit the murders because of family abuse, lack of education and being sure to recieve no real punishment. In my opinion, the main workon improvement of the situation should be done by parents and teachers by spreading the knowledge and improving relationships between teens and adults.