The society of today faced many urgent problems, one of which is the rising crime rates among young people. This essay will, firstly, attempt at analysing the causes of this significant issue, and secondly, possible solutions will be provided.

It cannot be denied that the problem of increasing numbers of crimes that are commited by young people is complex and has several underlying causes. Firstly, kids and youngsters are exposed to violence and criminal behavior from a young age. That is due to the fact that these aspects of human life are shown vividly in countless films, TV programmes, news and videogames. This provides children with a distorted image of how a civilized human should behave, and violence along with crimes become a norm for kids. Secondly, a lot of youngsters commit petty crimes such as shoplifting as they do not have enough activities to do outside school or university. It can be seen that not every town has sport clubs, playground, parks or other places to spend time at. This causes people to become members of suspicious group that may turn out to be criminal ones. Finally, young people do not always have appropriate job opportunities to earn for their living and to become ordinary citizens. According to the statistics, provided that a school or a university graduate becomes jobless, he or she is more likely to commit crimes during the unemployment period.

However, several feasible solutions can be considered and put into practice to help reduce the amount of crimes commited by teenagers. To start with, governments should restrict TV and game content according to the age when these products can be cunsumed safely. It would be a useful idea for parents to follow this age rates and control what their children are exposed to. This will prevent kids from an early exposure to crimes. What is more, we should organise enough interest clubs, gyms, swimming pools so that young people have a variety of outschool activities to choose from. In such way they will not be prone to committing crimes. Besides, youngsters should receive advise and help to get a job. For this purpose, vacancy fairs and workshops can be organised. Also young professionals may be offered additional perks or bonuses at work so they are more motivated to retain their workplace.

To conclude, having taken into account the causes of the problem of rising crime rates among young adults and feasible solutions, it is clear that there is a lot to be undertaken to prevent youngsters from committing crimes. The main thing to be remembered is that we all should be commited to this issue and put all the effort to solve it. It is expected that, if these recommendations are taken into consideration, the amount of young criminals will decrease in the upcoming years.