The amount of teenagers and young adults has drastically grown during the last years. It is now on the level it has never been before and it keeps rising, what can be done to prevent this from happening?
First of all, children are not aggressive from their birth. Aggression and having thoughts of committing crimes comes from the period of socialization. Nowadays, parents cannot limit their kids from everything, it is inappropriate to not let their children to watch TV, meet up with friends, go to the school etc. In some countries it is against the law and there is actually no need to restrict all those things but reason why many serial killers become serial killers is their period of socialization, same goes for many types of crimes.
Second thing that comes in mind, when thinking about what are the causes of such rise in crime commitment is influence of the internet. Teenagers have access to gigantic library called ‘’World web” but at the same time they may find so much information which will not benefit them in any way, only make the worse. Information about guns, drugs, videos of murders, school shootings, child porn all that may be found in the internet there is no censorship by the government or IT provider. One more thing to mention is violent video games in which killing, using drugs and many other illegal things are considered as “cool”.
What can be done to prevent many things that are mentioned above? School education should consist of teaching teenagers the law and why they should respect the law. In some cases it is already being taught in schools but obviously that is not enough. Parent’s duty is to provide their children with all the information needed in their period of growth to successfully socialize, nevertheless internet access should be censored and popular social network should also create and update their own system of censorship for teenagers.
All things considered, if our young generation would be better taught and they would be restricted from negative influence, the percentage of crime would have decreased overall and there would have been a drastic fall in young adults’ crime commitment.