In our modern world every person experience constant stress connected with the amount of money they may spend every day due to the level of their salary. It’s not a big surprise that some people are richer that others, and, as a result, in every country there are citizens who experience the consequences of economic diversity every day. A “Guaranteed Basic Income” system which provides a stable sum of money every month can become a solution to this problem. But is the best option for country’s economy? Let us find it out.
To begin with, a “Guaranteed Basic Income” can become a breath of fresh air for poor people who don’t have enough money to buy even basic products for their survival. For example, it may help single poor mothers who don’t get any economic support from their ex-husbands to bring up their children, pay for food and education and provide them with everything they need. What is more, this guaranteed sum of money may greatly support people who experience slight, not constant problems with their income. For example, it will be useful for people who suddenly lost their job and need some time and money before they find a new place to work in.
On the other hand, this system has some significant disadvantages which may lead to huge economic problems. Firstly, some citizens will definitely use this guaranteed sum of money as their basic income. As a result, there will be less people who want to find a job and country’s economy will definitely suffer from that decrease in the number of employers. Secondly, this system may even lead to increase in the level of poorness as people won’t have motivation to work. For example, there are some citizens who don’t want to work anywhere because they already receive income from governments and don’t have a desire to get extra money.
All in all, I believe that governments and political parties should pay attention to both advantages and disadvantages of this system before using it in the economy of any country in the world. In my opinion, this system may help poor people, but at the same time destroy economic prosperity.