There is a widely-spread opinion that in the present time more younsters commit crime than ever before. Indeed, such a statement has its grounds with the issue being immensely serious. Undoubetly, it needs to be addressed as soon as possible. This essay will explore some of the causes of the problem and several feasible solutions to it.

One of the most common reasons for such a development is the lack of parents' attention to children while they grow up. Nowadays, parents tend to work hard in order to achieve a stable financial situation which leads to them paying less attention to their kids and passing the burden of upbringing to the educational system. The most obvious solution in this case is raising awareness of such a problem in society and propagating more responsable parenting in schools and on the media by teachers.

Another very hazardous causes of such high teen crime rates is the lack of control over children in schools and other educational institutions. Today, the main function of a teacher is not mentoring a student but simply passing some information. It has to change with teachers becoming more responsible for moral health of the kids they teach.
Finally, last but not least ground for the phenomenon to appear is the general decrease of moral standarts in society which leads to children becoming less responsible for their actions. A great solution in this case is spreading higher moral code through various media like the Internet and television. In this situation, teachers and parents are the one help children find out about what is good and what is bad.

All things considered, the issue of teenage crimes is tremendously serious. However, the reasons of it are more detrimental to society than the actual phenomenon itself as their development might lead to more social chaos. There are several solutions to the problem and as soon as school, government, and parents are aware of them and of the problem, it will be possible to successfully tackle the issue.