Hardly a day goes by without the discussion that young people have recently committed much more crimes than even before and no one can deny that it’s the problem that the older people must focus on.
As I believe, the first people who must solve this problem are parents of those teenagers who decided to become a criminal person. The most important thing that allows avoiding this problem is to raise children in an atmosphere of love and happiness and to show them that a person must be honest and they will become such people for sure. Basically, parents and other folks should spend with their children as much time as it's possible to show them that they are extremely important for their family. By my experience, I know a girl who is my neighborhood and she always seemed to me to be such a quit and polite girl until she started smoking, chilling with some strange guys and become pregnant in the age of 14. Fortunately, she doesn’t commit any crime and I know, it sounds like stupid series but I'm so disappointed with this fact that her life’s been ruined and, in my opinion, it's happened because she's been grown up in a poor family without a farther and with an abusive mother. Otherwise, if parents abuse their kid or don't care of them, it will surely provoke cruelty's emergence.
Secondly, teachers should pay a lot of attention to this problem as well, because they are believed to be the second family for children. So, if a teacher sees that a pupil starts behaving in abnormal way or he starts communicating with suspending people, they should warn parents for sure. In case if they see that a child feels lonely in their family, a teacher should try to become friends with them, to get to know what's happened and to try to provide some help. Furthermore, I believe that well-educated people are rarely about to commit any crime, so, we should pay much more attention on what's going on at schools. A little bit of interest won't harm a child, in contrast, it will help him to understand that the world isn't indifferent to him and there exist people who do care.
To sum up, I would like to say, that the problem isn't easy to overcome and, unfortunately, there will be a lot of cruel teenagers who won't miss a chance to commit a crime until we curb existence of indifference in families and at schools. That is how I see it.