Nowadays the population can not imagine our World without sport. It is everywhere: on the streets, in schools, in universities, on TV and etc.
However, some people belive that watching sports might be an activity, which only takes a lot of time . In this essay i will look at both sides of this problem.

Firstly, i would like to mention that sport is an important part of every human's life. It helps people to stay in tonus, be healthy and fit.
Speaking about the process of watching sport activities either on TV or on the stadium, i want to point out that it gets people together and makes them support each other.For example, when boys watch the footbal match in sport bar, they easily could find new friends and become one team. Watching sports is a process of connecting people of different ages and social statuses.
Moreover, watching sports is a nice way to be involved in a vast world of varios activities and news. For example, children could find something for themselves and understand what they want to do in their future. Many adults work in the sport sphere, that in the most of cases it is well-paid and at the same time entertaining.Thats why people love sport and want to take parts in all iths spheres.

Nevertheless, on the other hand,sometimes watching sports might be harmfull. People who are fans of different teams or sportsman might be the biggest enemies.
Consequently, when they watch sport events on the stadium, they can kick each other and make some hard injuries. However, it is not the reason to skip the process of enjoying sport activities, because every person should think of what and why he or she is doing somnething bad.


To conclude my essay, i would like to emhasise that watching sport is significant and higly-recommended for people of all ages. I am a big sport fan and all my family is. We are all into sports and it makes us one big and friendly team. Thats why i do believe that watching sport events is no the waste of time, because all people must be interested in this.